[processor/k8sattributes] Add feature to extract deployment name from replicaset name (#42534)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/k8sattributesprocessor/README.md

```yaml
  ownerReferences:                                                  
  - apiVersion: apps/v1
    blockOwnerDeletion: true
    controller: true 
    kind: ReplicaSet
    name: opentelemetry-collector-6c45f8d6f6
    uid: ee75293d-14ec-42a0-9548-a768d9e07c48
```

The Extracted deployment name is: `opentelemetry-collector`.

> Please note, if your pods are managed by a replicaset but not by a deployment the `k8s.deployment.name` will be set incorrectly. For example, if the replicaset is named `opentelemetry-collector-6c45f8d6f6`, the feature will still set the deployment name of the pod to  `opentelemetry-collector` because it skips watching for the deployment and has no context if the pod is managed by a deployment or a replicaset.

> 

Reviewer: I think we should document this additional edge case for a wrongly extracted deployment name.
```suggestion
Another edge case to be aware of is when the deployment name is long. Kubernetes may truncate it in the ReplicaSet name to ensure there is enough space for the pod template hash suffix, so the full name fits within the DNS label limit (63 characters). In such cases, the extracted k8s.deployment.name will be the truncated form, not the original full deployment name.

```

[recommended resource attributes](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/non-normative/k8s-attributes/):

- `otel_annotations` will translate `resource.opentelemetry.io/foo` to the `foo` resource attribute, etc.
- `deployment_name_from_replicaset` allows extracting deployment name from replicaset name by trimming pod template hash. This will disable watching for replicaset resources, which can be useful in environments with limited RBAC permissions as the processor will not need `get`, `watch`, and `list` permissions for `replicasets`. It also reduces memory consumption of the processor. When enabled, this feature works automatically with the existing deployment name extraction. Take the following ownerReference of a pod managed by deployment for example:

```yaml
  ownerReferences:                                                  
  - apiVersion: apps/v1
    blockOwnerDeletion: true
    controller: true 
    kind: ReplicaSet
    name: opentelemetry-collector-6c45f8d6f6
    uid: ee75293d-14ec-42a0-9548-a768d9e07c48
```

The Extracted deployment name is: `opentelemetry-collector`.

> > Please note, if your pods are managed by a replicaset and the replicaset is named `opentelemetry-collector-6c45f8d6f6`, the feature will still set the deployment name of the pod to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Please note, if your pods are managed by a replicaset but not by a deployment the `k8s.deployment.name` will be set incorrectly. For example, if the replicaset is named `opentelemetry-collector-6c45f8d6f6`, the feature will still set the deployment name of the pod to
```

Author: Updated
